Oh, so you already know
It turns out that Fangmickey was right
You're really not a stand-in
I never said what kind of stand-in I was
OK
Your night wind gave me such a big surprise
invisible and dewy
No wonder that Davis is so respectful to you
It turns out that you are the god in the sky who has attracted everyone's attention.
Why do you regret it?
You pressed me to get a marriage license
It's no use regretting now
Blame your grandfather
But your grandfather's marriage
glib
No matter who I am
I am your husband
Why is it so mushy?
Oh, right.
Mom and grandma don't know about this yet
If they knew their true identity
Must be terrified
They will be very happy then
There will be a triumphal banquet in a few days
Whether it is the official family or the Shangguan family
I will prepare a big gift for them
Well, you take this.
What kind of cutting-edge fairy tale is this? I took it back for you.
I can call you Shangguan Boss from now on
Do you want to take a good look at your parents?